# warehouse

This system should keep a record of the receipts and expenditures of the products in the warehouse

         1. Warehouse
      a. Name (entered)
      b. Status (active or inactive) i.e. whether the warehouse is active or inactive for the system. If no is enabled, the system will not take any action on this repository.

          2. Worker
      a. Name (entered)
      b. Last name (entered)
      c. Phone number (entered)
      d. Unique job ID (generated by the system)
      e. Password (entered)
      f. Warehouse (selected) The existing warehouse in the system is selected and the worker works for that warehouse.
      g. Status (active or inactive) is whether an employee is active or inactive for the system. If no is enabled, the system will not take any action on this worker.

          3. Category
      a. Name (entered)
      b. Status (active or inactive), ie whether the category is active or inactive for the system. If no is enabled, the system will not take any action on this category.


         4. Unit of measurement
      a. Name (entered)
      b. Status (active or inactive), ie whether the unit of measurement is active or inactive for the system. If no is enabled, the system will not take any action on this unit of measurement.

          5. Currency type
      a. Name (entered)
      b. Status (active or inactive) i.e. whether the currency type is active or inactive for the system. If no, the system will not take any action on this type of currency.

         6. Product
      a. Name (entered)
      b. Category (selected) The existing category in the system is selected
      c. The image (upload) can be multiple
      d. Unique product number (generated by the system)
      e. Unit of measurement
          
          7. Supplier
      a. Name
      b. Phone number

        8. Enter the warehouse
      a. Date (entered)
      b. Warehouse (selected) The existing warehouse in the system is selected
      c. Supplier (selected) The existing supplier in the system is selected
      d. Products (s)
      i. Product (selected)
      ii. Unit Value (Enter) Enter the value of the selected unit of measure. For example, if KG is selected, the number 30 is entered and the result is 30 kg.
      iii. Price (included)
      iv. Shelf life
      e. Currency type (selected)
      f. Invoice number (entered)
      g. A unique number (generated by the system) is unique to each entry

          9. Departure from warehouse
      a. Date (entered)
      b. Warehouse (selected) The existing warehouse in the system is selected
      c. Products (s)
      i. Product (selected)
      ii. Unit Value (Enter) Enter the value of the selected unit of measure. For example, if KG is selected, the number 30 is entered and the result is 30 kg.
      iii. Price (included)
      d. Currency type (selected)
      e. Invoice number (entered)
      f. A unique number (generated by the system) is unique to each entry
